to the sound of Latin rhythms and dance
band pedro molina de coatepeque received
the flag that confirms your participation
in the parade of roses the first of
January 2016 with a conference of
press and a formal act the
authorities of the Ministry of Culture and
sports as well as the band pedro
molina and the roses tournament
presented to the band composed of 300
young people from four packages
to tenango that have been prepared during
more than a year to apply at the
Latin American and earn a place in the
parade of roses
first of all we felt very
happy and we thank you very much
God because we are given this again
second chance and we already live it a
time in 2010 and it was such an experience
unforgettable and this time with these
new young people that we have right here
opposite then we go with this dream another
time to put on behalf of guatemala very
high and right now we have been
preparing very strong to be able to apply
to the parade because we had to work
for three years in a row in 2012 in
2013 and until 2014 because every
year an application is sent
unfortunately in 2012 we do not apply
for a few details that we needed
in 2013 the same thing happened again and
thank God in 2014 what
we managed to apply everything that we
it took a lot of spending on economics where
most of the band they made raffles
they made carwash food sales for
get funds
in that aspect because the news was something
so shocking because we were
counting
At the end of the year we went with my
brother who is the other teacher of the
pedro molina band we were in the
scene of directors with all who
they will participate on January 1, 2016
in pasadena and there they were telling us
our legal representative of the tournament
that they did not decide which band to choose
because as they only grab a band
Latin and then there were two Latin bands
there was the golden eagles of mexico and
I was pedro molina from guatemala and it was
a debate between them because they said
good to which of the two we grab because
only one can come and then the other
day they met again to see it another
time the videos and they did not decide that they are going
to grab and then I decided to take a
decision later and decided to take
the two bands and that were us
counting and when we listen
that is a great emotion because
now we are going two representatives of
latin america to that famous saying
we have a motto and today with
courage bravery and faith everything can be
achieve then I urged the
young people to keep fighting with with
these dreams because remember that the
music can take us to many
borders
Y
to go back to pedro molina is the king and
sixth your world unseen of pain and
berger frame and to illuminate of barry
of amber singular grinding by reid
understand and know previous the 16th instaura
guatemala work by ricardo molinari
yard
so to see the participation of the
band helps to expand the culture and
Guatemalan art in the world about
all with an event seen by millions of
people is also good
opportunity for Guatemalans
who reside in california may be
close to your culture
Y